README.md, before:

# TTSDK-Core

#### Abstraction - IDed
  Assigns a unique ID to the instance of an extending class.
  This is achieved by keeping count of the current highest id 
  across all extending class instances.
  
  For example the following class extends IDed:
```java
class Testclass extends IDed {
    // The class does something with
    // some member vars
    int some_value;
    int some_other_value;
    
    public Testclass(int value) {
    	// nothing to be done here in terms of IDs.
	some_value = value;
	some_other_value = value * value;
    }
    // methods, etc ...
}
```
Now new instances can be created without having to worry about assigning a unique ID:
```java
Testclass instance_a = new Testclass(5);
Testclass instance_b = new Testclass(18);
System.out.println("instance_a.getId(): " + instance_a.getId());  // prints 0
System.out.println("instance_b.getId(): " + instance_b.getId());  // prints 1
```

#### Datastring
  Class to convert data into a string and back.
  Meant to support write data to file in a human 
  readable manner, in case you don't want to use
  something like json.
  
  Reusing the Testclass from above, the can be used like this:
```java
// Set up with a unique delimiter that 
// wont be used in your data itself
DataString ds = new DataString("_TDL_");
		
// Get the data string
ds.Add("some_value", "" + instance_a.some_value);
ds.Add("some_other_value", "" + instance_a.some_other_value);
		
String datastring = ds.GetDataString();
System.out.println(datastring); // prints some_value:5_TDL_some_other_value:25
```

This datastring could then be written to a file or transfered somewhere. When reading the string to actual data again, be careful to check for types correctly, as this not yet checked by the current implementation.

```java
// Get data from the string
ds.ReadDataString(datastring);
instance_a.some_value = Integer.parseInt(ds.Read("some_value"));
instance_a.some_other_value = Integer.parseInt(ds.Read("some_other_value"));
ds.Clear(); // clear before you use this instance again
```

This also works for items of a list. For instance assuming the Testclass contained a list named "value_list":

```java
for (Integer value_in_list : instance_a.value_list) {
    ds.Add("specific_list_item", "" + value_in_list);
}
datastring = ds.GetDataString();

// which can then be read via
ds.ReadDataString(datastring);
for (String datavalue : ds.ReadAll("specific_list_item")) {
    instance_a.value_list.add(Integer.parseInt(datavalue));
}
```

  
#### Log
  A simple and quick way to output different levels of 
  logging information to the console.

```java
// Set desired mode
Log.SetMode(Mode.ERROR, Mode.WARN);
		
// ...
		
Log.DEBUG("I am doing this, which is what I am supposed to do."); // wont be printed
Log.WARN("Now however this does not seem right, I might be in a faulty state."); // printed
Log.ERROR("I got into an error state!"); // printed
		
// ...
```
The mode only needs to be set once, and will be applied across all classes.
  
#### Thread
  Thread (which might be a poor choice of name) 
  offers a simple way to execute certain thread tasks
  periodically. There is no cleverness about it, and is meant
  for longer periods (ie. 10 seconds) where timing is not important.
  Thread tasks execute one after each other, so
  they are not precise in their timings, and a blocking task
  will block all subsequent tasks!
  
  Implement your tasks that need to be done periodically:
  
```java
class Caller extends ThreadTask {
    @Override public void OnStartup() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void InLoop() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void OnShutdown() {
	// ...
    }
}
Caller caller = new Caller();
		
class Doer extends ThreadTask {
    @Override public void OnStartup() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void InLoop() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void OnShutdown() {
	// ...
    }
}
Doer doer = new Doer();
```

Then create the thread responsible for the exection.

```java
// Create thread and assign tasks
Thread thread_for_several_periodic_tasks = Thread.createNew(10000); // iterate every 10ms
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.AddTask(caller);
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.AddTask(doer);
// Then start execution
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.Start(); // will start off with OnStartup(),
					   // and the periodically call InLoop()
		
// ...
		
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.Stop(); // its tasks execute OnShutdown() and then stops

```
  
#### Value - AngleValue
  Holds angle values from [0, 360] degrees, where 0 deg is
  the same as 360 deg. Offers some useful functionality when working with angles.
  
```java
AngleValue alpha = new AngleValue(45); // degrees
AngleValue beta = new AngleValue(Math.PI/2 * AngleValue.toDEG); // 90 degrees

AngleValue gamma = alpha.getSmallerAngleTo(beta);
AngleValue delta = alpha.getLargerAngleTo(beta);

System.out.println(gamma.getDegrees()); // prints 45
System.out.println(delta.getDegrees()); // prints 315
```

Commit message:

Added comment on the "Thread" implementation...
... in regards to https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/Timer.html#scheduleAtFixedRate, which is a better way to do stuff like this.

README.md, after:

# TTSDK-Core

#### Abstraction - IDed
  Assigns a unique ID to the instance of an extending class.
  This is achieved by keeping count of the current highest id 
  across all extending class instances.
  
  For example the following class extends IDed:
```java
class Testclass extends IDed {
    // The class does something with
    // some member vars
    int some_value;
    int some_other_value;
    
    public Testclass(int value) {
    	// nothing to be done here in terms of IDs.
	some_value = value;
	some_other_value = value * value;
    }
    // methods, etc ...
}
```
Now new instances can be created without having to worry about assigning a unique ID:
```java
Testclass instance_a = new Testclass(5);
Testclass instance_b = new Testclass(18);
System.out.println("instance_a.getId(): " + instance_a.getId());  // prints 0
System.out.println("instance_b.getId(): " + instance_b.getId());  // prints 1
```

#### Datastring
  Class to convert data into a string and back.
  Meant to support write data to file in a human 
  readable manner, in case you don't want to use
  something like json.
  
  Reusing the Testclass from above, the can be used like this:
```java
// Set up with a unique delimiter that 
// wont be used in your data itself
DataString ds = new DataString("_TDL_");
		
// Get the data string
ds.Add("some_value", "" + instance_a.some_value);
ds.Add("some_other_value", "" + instance_a.some_other_value);
		
String datastring = ds.GetDataString();
System.out.println(datastring); // prints some_value:5_TDL_some_other_value:25
```

This datastring could then be written to a file or transfered somewhere. When reading the string to actual data again, be careful to check for types correctly, as this not yet checked by the current implementation.

```java
// Get data from the string
ds.ReadDataString(datastring);
instance_a.some_value = Integer.parseInt(ds.Read("some_value"));
instance_a.some_other_value = Integer.parseInt(ds.Read("some_other_value"));
ds.Clear(); // clear before you use this instance again
```

This also works for items of a list. For instance assuming the Testclass contained a list named "value_list":

```java
for (Integer value_in_list : instance_a.value_list) {
    ds.Add("specific_list_item", "" + value_in_list);
}
datastring = ds.GetDataString();

// which can then be read via
ds.ReadDataString(datastring);
for (String datavalue : ds.ReadAll("specific_list_item")) {
    instance_a.value_list.add(Integer.parseInt(datavalue));
}
```

  
#### Log
  A simple and quick way to output different levels of 
  logging information to the console.

```java
// Set desired mode
Log.SetMode(Mode.ERROR, Mode.WARN);
		
// ...
		
Log.DEBUG("I am doing this, which is what I am supposed to do."); // wont be printed
Log.WARN("Now however this does not seem right, I might be in a faulty state."); // printed
Log.ERROR("I got into an error state!"); // printed
		
// ...
```
The mode only needs to be set once, and will be applied across all classes.
  
#### Thread
  Thread (which might be a poor choice of name) 
  offers a simple way to execute certain thread tasks
  periodically. There is no cleverness about it, and is meant
  for longer periods (ie. 10 seconds) where timing is not important.
  Thread tasks execute one after each other, so
  they are not precise in their timings, and a blocking task
  will block all subsequent tasks!
  
  This implemenation is inferior to javas Timer (https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/Timer.html#scheduleAtFixedRate), which schedules tasks like this in a better way.
  This implemenation however is different in that it runs all tasks on one single thread, which might be desired in some situation, which is why I kept it.
  
  Implement your tasks that need to be done periodically:
  
```java
class Caller extends ThreadTask {
    @Override public void OnStartup() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void InLoop() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void OnShutdown() {
	// ...
    }
}
Caller caller = new Caller();
		
class Doer extends ThreadTask {
    @Override public void OnStartup() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void InLoop() {
	// ...
    }
    @Override public void OnShutdown() {
	// ...
    }
}
Doer doer = new Doer();
```

Then create the thread responsible for the exection.

```java
// Create thread and assign tasks
Thread thread_for_several_periodic_tasks = Thread.createNew(10000); // iterate every 10ms
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.AddTask(caller);
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.AddTask(doer);
// Then start execution
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.Start(); // will start off with OnStartup(),
					   // and the periodically call InLoop()
		
// ...
		
thread_for_several_periodic_tasks.Stop(); // its tasks execute OnShutdown() and then stops

```
  
#### Value - AngleValue
  Holds angle values from [0, 360] degrees, where 0 deg is
  the same as 360 deg. Offers some useful functionality when working with angles.
  
```java
AngleValue alpha = new AngleValue(45); // degrees
AngleValue beta = new AngleValue(Math.PI/2 * AngleValue.toDEG); // 90 degrees

AngleValue gamma = alpha.getSmallerAngleTo(beta);
AngleValue delta = alpha.getLargerAngleTo(beta);

System.out.println(gamma.getDegrees()); // prints 45
System.out.println(delta.getDegrees()); // prints 315
```
